Update meta descriptions in SDK docs v5 - Closes #828 (#829)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/references/lisk-elements/transaction-pool.adoc

= Transaction pool

> :description: This section covers the installation, updates, constants, specifications and data structures for the Transaction pool library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description: This section covers the installation, updates, constants, specifications and data structures for the transaction pool package of Lisk Elements.
```
